hey guys welcome to lingua marina and
welcome to the first video on this
channel
from my new studio in silicon valley
we are finally in a new home and i hope
you've been following me on instagram so
you've seen
all the transitions we've been through
it's lingua marina on instagram as well
and today we're gonna talk about finding
people
to practice your english language and i
know speaking
is the hardest part for a lot of
students and by the way
right now in comments below please let
me know what is your main struggle with
the english language right now i
remember when i was at school and i
didn't live in the us
i was desperate to find
people to practice my english with and
whenever i saw
somebody from abroad i would be like the
first person to talk to them and i'm
gonna share
some of the tips that are just common
that other people use as well
so first of all baby well baby teenage
marina
about around 14 years old 14 to 16 years
old this is um
the time when i came back from the uk
for the first time and i realized that
my english
is nothing close to native speaker level
and i thought i was so proficient like
because i started
learning english when i was four and
then i went to school
when i was seven where when we had
english every single day and i thought i
am just perfect
but then i came to the uk i couldn't
understand people people couldn't
understand me it was a complete mess
and i felt really as an outlier because
i couldn't communicate with people
when i came back to russia i told myself
marina
you have to solve this problem marina
you have to go out there and practice
english
so number one thing that i did i started
going to museums
in my city and i was lucky to be born
and raised in a city called st
petersburg
which is one of the best cities in the
world in terms of architecture and
museums and we have the hermitage and
the hermitage is
this huge museum that has a lot of art
and
it attracts a lot of tourists so i would
just go to that museum
and i had a free pass as a russian
student so i went into that museum
and i just looked at people who were
confused or like trying to find
their way and i don't know how to
explain this but you can always tell
whether a person is russian or
whether a person is a foreigner so i
could tell from like
10 meters or 20 meters that i see some
foreigners and they lost
i would just approach them and say hey
do you need any help
i was just you know i was desperate to
practice english and this is something
that you can do once
i don't know if museums are open in your
country or if you have any museums in
your city
but try that just walk around the museum
look at people
see tourists approach them and ask them
if they need any help
that helped me a lot and there were a
couple ladies who were lost and then i
showed them the way and we kept walking
around the city for
like an hour or so and we kept
practicing english so that was really
useful
number two another thing that you can do
find a british council or
us consulate or embassy in your country
and just write them an email
or reach out to them or see if they have
any events
again depends on the country in my
country russia when i was back at school
they had a lot of events for people to
just come over
like british council would have weekly
meetups for people who like english
literature
u.s embassy would have different events
like flex which is kind of a competition
where winners can go to the us but even
if you take part in that competition you
get to talk to people from the embassy
americans
and then another thing u.s embassy did
they organized movie nights and again
you could come there
and talk to people and this is what i
did i was
a subscriber on their facebook pages i
was following them everywhere
and whenever i had time to attend the
event and again i would just practice
english and these were my favorite types
of events because
you're not just talking to random people
you're talking to people from the
embassy
and they were a huge inspiration for my
future career because i looked at them
and i thought
i want to be like those people i want to
travel the world
i want to spread my culture around and i
would always ask them like how did you
end up being a consul or how how did you
end up
working in an embassy these are my
favorite types of events so definitely
reach out to those organizations and
definitely follow them everywhere
in terms of like social media and like
stalking follow them on social media and
see what kinds of events they organize
in your city or in your country number
three there are also other types of
clubs and communities for english
speakers i was a part of such a
community again in saint petersburg
it was a really small community maybe 20
people i was introduced by
a friend from school and he attended
their events regularly but basically
what they did
they would invite someone even russian
like they would just
invite someone who's good at english to
speak about
something so we had a lady who wrote a
book
and she was talking about this book in
english oh we had a mayor of edinburgh
who just came to st petersburg he was
talking about edinburgh
we had somebody who was translating
english books into russian
we had a ceo of a store where they sold
books in english
so different interesting people again
holding conversations in english
google something like this you would
definitely have something at least
online something that you can attend oh
we're going to talk about online
resources
a little later in this video but i want
to focus on offline first
i don't know just i like offline
communication and i've been missing
offline communication a lot
um in the past year when the whole thing
started if you think that your english
is not enough
to start speaking first of all you're
wrong if you understand this video you
probably have
a lot of knowledge to help you start
speaking but the second thing that you
can do is take one of my courses
i have a course that is specifically for
people
probably like you intermediate have a
lot of knowledge
but are afraid to speak we focus a lot
on
how to actually start speaking we focus
a lot on how to build your
speech that it sounds naturally like all
the vocabulary that you can use grammar
that you can use
the course is called intermediate to
advanced it starts every month it lasts
30 days and there you also have groups
where you can communicate with others we
have special chats for people
and this is a great way to find a
speaking buddy and also
improve your language skills with me the
classes are pre-recorded so you can take
them from anywhere
anytime you will get tests after every
module so you will be able
to practice whatever you just learned
and i've created this course with a
professional teacher venia
who's also not a native speaker but you
won't be able to tell because
he's just mastering this pronunciation
like he's amazing at that
the link will be below and you will have
a special promo code because you watched
this video the next thing that you can
do is go to meetup.com
i don't know if it's available in your
country necessarily but i also know that
even people who come to the us
they struggle to practice english
because they end up living in a
community of
people from their country and i know
there's like a huge community in new
york a huge community of russians
and i was in that neighborhood and
everything is in russia like if you go
to a bank it's bank of america but
everything is in russian and people are
russian uh you know and i know there are
chinatowns there are
india towns and a lot of those smaller
communities
which are great in terms of like when
you come there you feel like at home
but if you're trying to practice english
it might be really hard so
if you are in that situation go to
meetup.com
and see what kinds of events are
organized around your area and attend
those events again they're probably all
online right now
but i'm not sure because it depends on
the country where you are in california
almost everything is still online but
the thing is
this site meetup.com has a separate page
for people who want to practice
languages and they have different groups
all over the globe in
small and big cities all the links will
be below so you will have all the
resources
that you can use later on when you
decide to start practicing english and i
hope that you decide
right after this video because practice
makes perfect another thing that i've
seen trending
on different social media like instagram
facebook
whatsapp etc especially because i'm an
influencer and i have
get a lot of dms from people like oh can
you practice english with me or
if i organize a group i have like a big
telegram channel and
some people complained that they became
a part of this telegram channel and they
just got random dms from people who want
to practice english
i don't think that's the best idea just
reaching out to people
and cold texting them like can you
practice english with me because it is a
little weird
it might work and uh i found a friend in
germany this way i was just randomly
texting people on skype
to practice german and then we actually
met in person
not a friend but like a person i know
and he was
willing to communicate with me he was
the same age and it was kind of
okay but this is the only thing that
ever worked for me in terms of like cold
texting people
what you can do is you can join ielts
and toefl groups on facebook and
whatsapp or whatever you're able to find
in your country and your city or
whatever you're able to find online
because
when people are preparing for toefl and
ielts they tend to be more serious
their english language skills tend to be
better and this would enhance
your experience there are also some
other apps that were created
necessarily for finding a speaking buddy
the apps are speak native open talk
speaky halo and there are many others
from all the platforms
i really like speak native just because
you have to create an
introductory video about yourself before
you start communicating with others and
that really helps
you determine whether you want to talk
to that person because
you want to see their level of english
their interests etc
and when you have this introductory
video it really helps okay the next cool
thing that you can do
is join clubhouse clubhouse is this new
app that is taking off like crazy in
silicon valley
millions of users the only problem with
it right now is that you can only get in
by getting an invite from someone else i
only have two invites from clubhouse and
i already
given away one of them so you really
need to be active on clubhouse to
generate those invites
basically if you have friends that are
in clubhouse ask them or maybe just ask
around on social media if anyone can
give you an
invite but basically clubhouse is this
app i'm gonna demonstrate
so basically it's this app where you
have many rooms that you can join
and listen to conversations and
sometimes you can participate like
i don't know fintech europe a lower
barrier entry to some of their products
especially if they're
you know so expensive products they're
basically just people talking about
different topics and you can
it's it's kind of participating in a
live panel and you're in the audience
but sometimes you can raise hand and ask
questions
so that is taking off like crazy and
there are already some groups for
uh people who want to practice languages
so definitely join clubhouse
let's talk a little more about offline
so whenever you're planning your next
travel
think about taking a language course
instead of just being a tourist
and i've been promoting this for years
i'm
a product of language travel my company
linguatrip helps you guys
travel around the world and book courses
all over the world
so if you are thinking of going to the
uk or canada or another english-speaking
country just make your research because
whenever i compared like staying at a
hotel versus
taking a course and staying at a local
host family
the second option is always cheaper
because it is a student option you get
student rates
and you get to practice english a lot
you get to communicate with students
from all over the world and of course
you get to communicate with native
speakers because all the teachers and
schools are native speakers
the link will be below another thing
that you can do
i don't know if you want to do it but i
did it just calling american companies
again you can get a viber app
maybe pay like a couple dollars to to
make calls and you will get like
unlimited calls for a month
and just call american companies and ask
them like if you're dreaming of going
to new york and staying at this hotel
where they
shot home alone if you want to stay in
the hotel just call them and ask like
hey
i wanted to ask if you have any rooms
available for
next week and what's the rate can i get
a discount like just just that kind of
thing
it is their job to answer and who knows
maybe you'll end up coming
and the last but not the least my
instagram
is a resource where you can find a lot
of people and i feel that people on
instagram in terms of like writing down
in comments below they're more
responsive than on youtube
so if you just go to my instagram
subscribe to my profile
and then whenever i post my next post
you can just write in comments below
that you're looking for
someone to practice english and you're
from this country like talk about
yourself
i am a student of this university from
this country
and i'm looking for somebody from
another country who doesn't speak my
language to practice english because my
audience is really international i have
people from
all over the world and good chances are
somebody would respond
just make sure that you write that
comment very soon after my post
comes out because this is when it gets a
lot of traction a lot of attention
and this is your way of finding a buddy
thank you guys so much for watching this
video up to the very end if you're not
yet subscribed to my channel
hit the red subscribe button down below
and hit the smash like button if you
enjoyed the content i will see you very
soon in my next videos
bye bye